Pantsuit Power flashmob video for Hillary Clinton Two women 170 dancers and no police

Why The New Child Rape Case Filed Against Donald Trump Should Not Be Ignored

I Ran the C.I.A. Now I'm Endorsing Hillary Clinton.

"It's Official ""Bernie Sanders Is Staying In The Race And Will Not Concede"""

Donald Trump 'If I lose I don't think you will ever see me again'

Donald Trump Hired Me As An Attorney. Please Don’t Support Him For President.

This may shock you Hillary Clinton is fundamentally honest

This simple calculator tells you how each presidential candidate's tax plan affects you

More Than 160 Republicans Don't Support Donald Trump

Mitt Romney says Donald Trump will change America with 'trickle-down racism

Blue Feed Red Feed

Barbara Bush I don’t know how women can vote for Trump

The rise of American authoritarianism

The real Clinton email scandal is that a bullshit story has dominated the campaign

This is how fascism comes to America

These Celebrities Say They'd Leave the Country If Trump Wins

Stop Pretending You Don't Know Why People Hate Hillary Clinton

Who Will Be President

Under Sanders income and jobs would soar economist says

78 Republican politicians donors and officials who are supporting Hillary Clinton

History Tells Us What Will Happen Next With Brexit And Trump

HILLARY CLINTON FOR PRESIDENT

Dwayne Johnson says he might want to run for president. He could actually win.

Donald Trump's nomination is the first time American politics has left me truly afraid

Max Lucado Trump doesn't pass the decency test

Max Lucado My prediction for November 9

An Open Letter to My Friends Who Support Donald Trump

Aziz Ansari Why Trump Makes Me Scared for My Family

Trumps history of corruption is mind-boggling. So why is Clinton supposedly the corrupt one

Trump I Will Protect Our LGBTQ Citizens'

Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed

Millions of ordinary Americans support Donald Trump. Here's why

Donald Trump Is Going To Be Elected

Donald Trump is a unique threat to American democracy

Why Do We Hear More About Hillary's Emails Than Donald Trump's Rape Allegations

Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President

Flight logs show Bill Clinton flew on sex offender's jet much more than previously known

FBI Completes Review of Newly Revealed Hillary Clinton Emails Finds No Evidence of Criminality

Last Night Donald Trump Disqualified Himself

John Oliver has the Donald Trump takedown America has been waiting for

Donald Trump Voters Just Hear Me Out

Donald Trump's campaign manager says rape would not exist if women were stronger

Ford fact checks Trump We will be here forever

He fought in World War II. He died in 2014. And he just registered to vote in Va.

A Week of Whoppers From Donald Trump

A Republican intellectual explains why the Republican Party is going to die

Donald and Billy on the Bus

Dems open convention without Wasserman Schultz

The rise of Donald Trump is a terrifying moment in American politics

The smug style in American liberalism

The moment of truth We must stop Trump

The Governing Cancer of Our Time

